Chart: Update argumentAxis.strip value docs (#7839)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChart/1 Configuration/argumentAxis/strips/startValue.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Defines the strip start value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the strip's start value.
```

---

> When **argumentAxis**.[type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/#type) is *"linear"* or *"logarithmic"*, **startValue** specifies exactly where the strip starts. When **argumentAxis**.**type** is *"discrete"*, **startValue** defines which discrete argument the strip starts at. In discrete axes, strips start and end at the edges of discrete argument areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When **argumentAxis**.[type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/#type) is *"linear"* or *"logarithmic"*, **startValue** specifies the strip's start. When **argumentAxis**.**type** is *"discrete"*, **startValue** defines at which discrete argument the strip starts. In discrete axes, strips start and end at the edges of discrete argument areas.
```
